Latex-suite 1.5 is a substantially improved version over version 1.0
containing many new features and lots and lots of bug-fixes.

Internationalization
--------------------
1. All of latex-suite now uses low end ASCII characters which means that
   there should no longer be any i18n problems due to encoding differences
   etc.

Package handling
----------------
1. Lots of new packages have been added.
2. Package handling is much more sophisticated. Latex-suite is now able to
   handle the inclusion of custom user packages via the g:Tex_TEXINPUTS
   setting, which behaves analogous to the $TEXINPUTS variable which latex
   uses.

Compiler
--------
1. The compiler has been improved to also show the context of the error in
   a preview window beneath the quickfix window. It is also able to take
   you to the correct column number.
2. Latex-suite also supports the kdvi viewer in the same manner as xdvi and
   yap.
3. Latex-suite is able to compile parts of a file. Simply press \ll while
   visually selecting a block of text.
4. Latex-suite has support for compiling a file multiple times in order to
   get all references, etc right.
5. Automatically able to handle dependencies between various formats. For
   example, easy to generate ps files via dvi files etc.

Completion
----------
1. A powerful new tool called "completion". If you wish to insert a
   reference to a \label defined previously, just press <F9> inside the
   \ref{} command and latex-suite will bring up a list of label's to choose
   from. You can also filter according to prefix.
2. Can also complete citations using the same key. It is possible to use
   the g:Tex_BIBINPUTS variable analogous to the $BIBINPUTS variable to
   search for possible \cite'ations.
3. Can also complete commands requiring filename arguments (using the same
   <F9> key). Used in places like \include,\input,\bibliography etc.
   Latex-suite will intelligently filter the list to make selection easier.
   For example, \bibliography will list only files ending in .bib.
4. Can also complete arguments to certain commands such as
   \bibliographystyle etc.

Bibtex support
--------------
Easily insert bibliographic keys via the BBB, BBL, BBH and BBX macros while
editing .bib files.

User-Manual
-----------
A much more comprehensive user manual has been prepared both for viewing
while inside vim and also online. There are no "hidden" features in
latex-suite any more. (well, not more than a couple anyway!) The user
manual is written in xml and automatically converted to vim-help, flat html
and chunked html, allowing the manual to be viewed online as well.

Bug-fixes
---------
There have been many, many bug-fixes since the last revision, thanks to
valuable feedback from the users. There are way too many to be listed here.
About 450 bug-fixes since the last release. Latex-suite is now pretty
stable only averaging about 1 minor bug report once every fortnight.
